So was it anime that I I'm guessing it was animated? The reason you just,
you started to learn animation and really.
No, I, so I w I wanted to be manga, but I was, uh, uh,
good at school.
Not good as cool. And I'm, well, I, you have a.
Lessons, but I didn't listen to listen. I was drawing manga to my notes.
And so I went to another school, uh,
not a high school,
a high school where you could learn about communication or craft.
Uh, in France or in France.
I was born and raised in France. And at first it was about communication,
uh, how to do cm, uh, commercial.
And it was not pleasant,
but I had to go this way to go to
admission schools. Right. So I take the [inaudible] in French. Let me say, so,
uh.
First degree. Oh, bachelor.
So you did a bachelor's degree in animation and yeah.
And after I can went to, uh, animation schools. Oh, wow.
Okay. So how did it transition from then that in France to being in Japan?
Cause I feel like that's like a, that's a big leap, right?
Tell us about when the UN at the artisans core in France,
uh, in France and you mean, wasn't sorry, it's what's popular,
but for adults, it's what kind of,
what kind of child mom says this and, Oh, you should change some Stites.
It's not a good style.
You have others who.
Are watching you from earth and change.
[inaudible] yeah. It's not a bad idea, but smell. Yeah. And so,
yeah, I was okay. I don't, I have, if I draw mandates bad things,
so I changed my style, but, uh, when I, uh,
actually I wanted to draw them, I guess Tyler.
Yeah. I feel like in Europe,
there is the notion of animation is especially animate looks for children. Yeah.
Yeah.
Because I feel like everyone I spoke to grew up in Europe seems that way where
it's like, Oh, after I'm 16, I can't watch this child stuff. Right.
Every art student, I know, like I have a cousin who's like,
who's an art student. Hadn't like, she loves anime.
But as soon as she started art school, you, you were just like,
it was looked down upon to really draw an anime art style.
So I don't know if it's still the same, getting bullied everywhere.
Exactly. Right. Cause like you.
You draw anime and your art teacher would just be like, no, no, no.
Please draw real art please.
Uh, professor of arts quarter. Oh, you're drawing manga. Okay. Uh,
I will give you a bad note. [inaudible].
You have.
Draw some, uh, uh, American. Comey's good.
Yes.
They're not equal to, by some professor. Uh, so teacher,
so yeah, it was kind of harder the first time,
because you are a bit lost. Okay. I have to change my style.
But uh,
when you met other people who like what to like to you have a
better communication. Right. And you know, I want to do this.
I want to draw and miss time.
I want to be a weep. I want to follow my dreams.
And uh, so yeah. Yeah. And I found that, so you,
you Theresa animation school in France. And so I attempt to,
I went to animation school.
Bet you Rulon Disney way in ride. Right, right.
Japanese way, because Japanese way is very popular. Or you,
you use economy,
economy of the frame or that very smart.
It's a smart way to use a Japanese animation in Disney.
You have a lot of budget. So you can put a lot of frames.
You get the problem.
Disney has just more drawings where the Japanese animation technique is more,
let's say optimized texts.
[Inaudible].
The Japanese animation industry. You have to do one episode per week.
So I am maybe in Democrats,
I finished and they delivered the episode to the channel.
But in Japan when you broadcast the show, it's not finished. Yeah.
Yeah. Trying to.
Notice that a lot of Blu-ray releases have like retouches, like Jo, Jo,
there's some famous examples right. Of the side-by-side where you can, like,
there's a website, I think where you can sweep the frame or LA cross.
And like some of the character designs are totally changed in the Blu-ray.
That's called a DVD retakes. And uh,
actually when you saw your shoulder show on TV,
and so for people who want to buy the DVD,
that is a plus and the plus a bonus is a better drawings, animation,
redone.
Polished. So is it, is it,
is it like the original drawing is thrown out and they just remake it or do they
improve the original drawing improve or sometimes they redo it. Oh, wow. Wow.
That's quite intense.
For us. This gets, we cannot do a hundred percent what we wanted. Right. Uh,
so let's redo it. Ah, Oh, this one,
I just mess up on the ice or let's redraw the ice. Right.
Okay. Wow.
Yeah. I did find that funny actually, because like, yeah, I noticed that like,
cause you know, I, I did, uh, when I did voice work for pop team Epic,
I did it on episode nine and when I got the script for it, episode,
one had already had, so I was like, is this going to be out in time?
Cause I always thought, because.
It worked like how in American TV shows where it's like the entire season is
Oregon's Don Dawn and then they releasing it. But in Japan they're just like,
Nope, we got to do it now. Like it's all real time. Right? Yeah.
Yeah. It depends when the first, uh, the first hippies that is broadcast,
uh, actuary. So there's Ted, you have,
might have done already 10 episodes. Maybe if the schedule was good.
Well, if they have done just a five period, it would be harder.
Yeah. 10 episodes is considered a good scale. Yeah, exactly.